I have to tell you a bomb about
Olga Moreno and Agustín etien okay it's something
that I feel is going to bother a lot of
people maybe other people won't care
okay Well actually let's see it
should be a bit the same for all of us in the
end it's content they are famous and it's
what they make a living what happens is that I
think that this news this news that we are
going to comment on in this extract I
feel that it is going to hurt and
bother a lot of people who have been
attacking him let's see as far as I know they were the ones who
stopped following each other on
Instagram they deleted photographs I
have the exclusive that they went through
a crisis a couple of months ago okay And
now suddenly in the last few days
now suddenly in the last few days it has
happened that magically they have
started uploading photographs again confirming how
happy
the United are that they are and so on there is nothing
that happens and that not
many people on social networks paid much attention to
okay
but I think it was Friday or Saturday I
think it was Friday that I was in
the center of Córdoba eating some
churritos at the kiosks  what have they set up
for Christmas that I get that a
sister of Olga Moreno publishes a
photograph in which Olga Moreno and
Agustín are with the rest of the family in
Seville eating, it is a
family photograph, it is the most normal thing in the world, there is
nothing wrong with it, okay,
eh And I imagine that the people that
appear are the sisters, I don't know
if any brothers because I don't know, I don't know
Olga's brothers, the sisters, I think I can
put a face to all of them, but as for the
brothers, I don't know if she had one brother or
two, but I don't put a face to them, I imagine that they
will be the brothers-in-law, the nephews and so on,
the ones that appear in the photo,
but of course There is something that calls my
attention and that is that a person close to
Olga Moreno or to Olga
Moreno's family when they are going to share that
photograph,
minute two minutes later they delete it as
if something would happen by deleting that one or by
publishing that photograph,
of course now suddenly we find ourselves
with all the magazines that have been
advanced for the long weekend this
week, not with all the magazines already
printed, Sunday night, Sunday
night Now yes, with total freedom
and tranquility Olga  Moreno and Agustín
etien well they publish a series of
photographs in which they boast of their
happiness and their relationship okay here we would
have an example new photos that
confirm the reconciliation of Olga and
Agustín okay there are several ingredients
here that caught my attention okay uh
first of all it caught my attention that
when I released the exclusive a couple
of months ago there were a lot of people who said they were
close to the family no and it's like not close close you
're not they simply
use you to give you the versions of
the news that interests them and
so on no and to give you the information
every way they want no but as if they
denied my exclusive they called it a rumor
I was making up the news not a couple
of weeks ago when suddenly they made
this movement of unfollowing each other on
Instagram deleting photos I don't know
what I don't know how much Even
Antonio David himself also had the same opinion as
me that everything looked like a setup
so that they would call him from somewhere most
likely for the reality show at the
beginning of the year Big Brother Duo Well
suddenly my news was true but
but now two months ago no now okay
And now  suddenly when they uploaded the
photo together, now the same media
that said that now the news
was true because Olga's relatives
were not denying it, well now it
seems that Olga with these photos has
silenced everyone because they are very
happy and we have
all invented the news okay, so we YouTubers
went into
Agustín and Olga's Instagram account and we made all these
pathetic movements Okay when you
make those movements I said it yesterday and I'm
saying it again today when you make those
movements because you want people to talk
okay I don't understand why nobody
is talking about this but Olga Moreno and
there they have given have had this same
week
Olga Moreno and Agustín this same
week have been the content of an
exclusive two pages of photographs that I ca
n't show you on screen
obviously but if you want I can
describe them okay they are photographs that
when I saw them I said I don't know if they
remind me more of the photographs of Marta
and Antonio David with the bags in their
hands or if it reminds me more of the
photographs of Marta and  Antonio David
as if they were Cinderella and the
prince going down the stairs at
that romantic meal in broad
daylight Oh a kiss not in that pose that was
supposed to be unexpected No, well they are
photographs in which Olga suddenly
runs into Agustín on the street
They hug each other and smile at each other Come on, come on, come on, photographs from agencies also eh photographs that nobody signs no And you say and who the [ __ ] and who the [ __ ] follows Olga and Agustín on the street or waits for them on
any corner Random from any
city in our country but of course these
photographs and this exclusive report
that nobody signs bet you don't know What
magazine it belongs to you don't know What
magazine it belongs to I'll tell you what
magazine it belongs to the magazine
week magazine week same magazine
where Olga Moreno usually gives
but no no no no no no no readings no
readings no week the magazine where Olga
gives the exclusives the magazine where
Antonio David and Marta Riesco took
that stolen posed the magazine where
Antonio avid and Marta Riesco went out with
the bags from Mercadona coincidence coincidence
okay we read a  little this is
this exclusive no this magazine no Olga
Moreno and Agustín etien end to the rumors
of a breakup of the couple of course and you
are like this and you are like this with a face like an
idiot and you say of course of course Well
here it is Here is the objective and the
goal achieved a month ago the
rumor of a possible breakup between Olga
Moreno and Agustín etien in view of
these
uh of these images It is evident that it
remained in that in a rumor the couple had
a loving encounter at the
AVE station in Madrid that I don't know what I don't know how much it is that it
is cut off and I can't read it
all okay But come on that I
'm not stupid Olga lives between
Malaga where her daughter Lola is and Madrid
where Agustín usually lives and attends to
his professional commitments
unfortunately Olga had to close the
clothing store she had in Malaga but she is
excitedly facing other projects
eh let's go fully prepared another clip of
Consuelo commenting on it okay wait let's go
montaj big deal montaj big deal u
Now these come out oh my goodness
Olga  Moreno and Agustín etiel end to the
breakup rumors this that you think
is a prearranged robbery a prearranged robbery
because come on don't tell me that this
is a scam well no sirs No, it's not a
scam I don't know if
the Indian is here or not but I'm going to pass these
photos to the Indian because this is a
prearranged robbery and it's playing with the people it's
playing with the audience and it's playing with
his followers And I'm very sorry but it is
like this they have been in a relationship for a year due to
their respective jobs and their daughter
Olga lives between Madrid and
Malaga What job can someone
explain to me what
job the same ones who said that Olga was going to
live in Madrid and look
Where is this in Malaga
you can have your opinion whatever
you want okay I think it's a setup
okay I think it's obvious that they've
made a purpose okay I think not
Indian I'm not taking any chances just in case okay
King Thank you but I'm not taking any chances just in case it doesn't matter we
have unwritten them
okay But come on for me this is a
setup not only is it a
setup but  that this is a setup so
that people are
worth it so that people talk
so that rumors spread in the media
okay And so it comes out well I
thought it was a reality show but no for
this to come out so that this
news makes sense in the magazine Semana I say it
or you say it I say it or you say it I say it or
you say it I say it or you say it that there is
nothing wrong with it eh I mean let's
see they live off that okay but man no I didn't
refuse I didn't refuse what there is I didn't
refuse things I didn't refuse things
man when you do yes a kiss to
Marta Riesco also a kiss to Marta
Riesco that too but let's see It's that
this is how it is but it's that this is how it is
when you live off this and you do these
things Well you play with these
movements let's do this so that so that there
are rumors so that I don't know what I do
n't know how much they cooked up the news as I
told you a few
weeks ago I hope you liked this
excerpt and you liked the news
[Music]
okay